the way that I find the deal best with the stress is toe let out your
grievances. Um, you get all your people together, you have a chat about
what just went on, whether it's something in the future, and you're
not sure that they could do it correctly, whether something in the
past that they maybe have gotten wrong or even just yourself, you
know, like maybe you don't perform always perfectly. Maybe they have
some grievance since grievances towards you. So you want to actually
talk to them and say, Hey, you know what? Like wrong the same team
here. Let's figure out how weaken move forward from now on successfully.
So just chatting and talking about is the best way to relieve
stress.